* CSPP 53001: Assignment 6

*** Online homework and project due by 11:59pm on Monday, November 26,
2012

*** Step 6 of Your TBP App

The sixth part of your TBP project is to create several triggers and
stored routines.

Create at least three triggers and show that they work. One of your
triggers should enforce an attribute constraint. You should also have a
trigger that keeps track of some quantity such as the number of tuples
in a relation, or an aggregate function of some attribute. Please,
create a script =triggers.sql= that includes all of your trigger
definitions. To show that your triggers work create a script
=scenario1.sql= that shows, for each trigger, the effect of two database
modifications. One modification should activate the trigger while the
other should not. In the script, show queries that demonstrate that the
trigger has an effect in the first case and not in the second one.

Create at least three stored routines, with at least one including a
database modification, and show that they work. Please, create, a script
=routines.sql= that includes all of your stored routine definitions. To
show that your routines work create a script =scenario2.sql= that shows
the effect of each routine. For routines including database
modifications show the instance of an affected relation before and after
the routine is called.

In addition to the four new scripts, please, also submit
=create_db_large.sql= and =populate_db_large.sql= scripts along with
*all data files* referenced in your =populate_db_large.sql= script from
hw5. You can modify these scripts in order to ensure that your triggers
and routines work as expected.

You will submit your homework using the =hwsubmit= command. Please,
create a new directory called hw6\_<your\_username>, e.g. hw6\_evtimov,
and move there all of the relevant scripts *and all data files*. For
this assignment, there should be the four new scripts:
=triggers.sql, scenario1.sql, routines.sql, scenario2.sql=, the scripts
from hw5: =create_db_large.sql=, =populate_db_large.sql=, and all the
large data files, Then, you can submit your work by typing (<path\_to>
is the directory path to your hw6 directory):

=hwsubmit cspp53001 <path_to>/hw6_<your_username>=

*Please make sure that all of the relevant files and no others are in
that directory.*

--------------

*** Problem Set

You will complete the problem set using
[[http://www.newgradiance.com/][Gradiance]]
(http://www.newgradiance.com/).

The name of the homework is CSPPDB-Aut12 HW6. There are 10 questions in
this homework. All questions in this problem set are multiple choice.
However, to answer them correctly you will need to work out their long
(general) answers. A correct answer is worth 3 points. You lose a point
for each incorrect answer. You can attempt the problem set as many times
as you like; only your highest score will count. Note that you will
probably get slightly different questions each time you attempt the
problem set.

*The due date for the Gradiance part of the homework is 11:59pm on
Monday, November 26, 2012.*
