#+TITLE:CSPP 53001: Assignment 8

*Online homework due 11:59am on Thursday, June 6, 2013*

*Finished projects due by 11:59pm on Wednesday, June 12, 2013*

* Final Step of Your TBP App

The final part of your TBP App project is to create a basic web site
powered by your database using the PHP programming language and a web
server.

First, you will add data entry functionality to the web interface
created in part 7. Then, you will create individual pages corresponding
to different aspects of your application.

You will create several new web pages that will comprise the data entry
interface to your TBP App. Each web page should contain at least one
form that implements some data entry functionality needed by your TBP.
For example, you can have a registration page for new users, followed by
a menu page that directs users to choose other users to follow and write
tweets. Your functions and their parameters will depend on your schema
and application scenario.

You can also incorporate the functions you wrote for part 7 by adding
them to the appropriate pages of your site. For example, you can add any
search functions to the home page for each user (the page that appears
after a user logs in).

The point of entry to your web site should be named =final.html= and
should be placed in your
=/stage/cgi-cspp/<your_username>/public_html/cs53001/= directory. Make
sure that this page is viewable by a browser. The url is:
=http://cgi-cspp.cs.uchicago.edu/~<your_username>/cs53001/final.html=.

You will submit your homework by emailing /csppdb at cs.uchicago.edu/
the link to your TBP App.


* Problem Set

You will complete two SQL labs using [[http://www.newgradiance.com/][Gradiance]]
(http://www.newgradiance.com/). The names of the SQL Labs are Kings
and Presidents.

*The due date for the SQL labs is midnight on Wednesday, December 12,
2012.*
